Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(ominous music)
(muffled clunks and thuds)
(muffled thunder claps)
(ominous music)
(door creaks)
(muffled clunks and thuds)
(muffled screeching)
(heavy knocks)
(door handle rattles)
(door thuds and creaks)
(door creaks)
(muffled thunder rumbles)
- You can get the lights now.
(switch clicks)
- Sure no one lives here?
(Jack scoffs)
(muffled thunder rumbles)
(floor creaks)
(eerie music)
(Drew blows)
- Doesn't look
like they returned.
Don't you think she
looks like Candice?
- (chuckles) Nah.
Do you remember Caroline?
- Do I remember Caroline?
Does Caroline remember
me? That's the question.
(men chuckle)
- So. how long do you
think we can crash here?
- I don't know.
Days?
Weeks?
- (scoffs) After what happened?
I guess if they were
gonna come back.
whoever owned this place.
they would've done by now.
- Wait. I don't get it.
What actually went down here?
- I'm not entirely sure. either.
But about a decade ago.
there was some kind of
nuclear contamination.
- So everyone just
picked up and left?
- Pretty much.
I mean. you couldn't stay here.
They said that they didn't
have time to pick up
what they had before they left.
- Christ.
People just had to
start afresh someplace.
- Well. you couldn't stay here.
I mean. that was
out of the question.
It's only about a year or so ago
that they authorized
people to come back.
- Well. I guess if you have
started a new life elsewhere-
- [Drew] They you wouldn't
be coming back here.
would you. Jack?
- Yeah.
- Hey.
How long do you think
until your momma realizes
that you're not in
bed all tucked up?
- I give her a whole hour.
Eyes like a hawk.
- And what do you
think she'll say
if she knew you were here?
- (chuckles) She'd freak.
- What about if she
knew you were drinking?
What if she saw me do that?
- You're terrible.
(Drew chuckles)
- And what if she
saw me do this?
Well I guess you already did
it. so. she couldn't say much.
- Mm.
You wanna go upstairs?
- Yeah.
- (sighs) Sure.
- Sweet.
(moody synth-pop music)
(Natalie pants and moans)
* The lights went black
in the dead sea harem *
* Winds sweep up through
the halls but yet no sound *
* And the temperature's down
* And it's darker now
(Natalie moans and pants)
(Jack pants)
(Jack grunts)
* The souls of the harem
moving to the door *
(Natalie moans)
(Jack grunts and pants)
* Where a demon now stands
there. 10 feet tall *
(Jack grunts and pants)
* As he stares in the darkness
with his smile driven back *
* So simmer down
* This is feeding town
(Drew grunts)
(Natalie moans)
- I'm gonna get something
to drink. Enjoy.
(Drew grunts)
(Natalie moans)
(door closes)
(Drew grunts)
(Natalie moans)
- Oh. shit.
(ominous tones)
(muffled squeaking)
(muffled synth-pop music)
(Drew pants)
Hoo!
(breathes deeply)
Hey.
That was pretty kinky. right?
Losing it to two guys
in your first time?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
- It wasn't as bad as I thought.
- Right.
Okay.
- As in. it wasn't intimidating.
(Drew chuckles)
- Hey. imagine if your mom
knew that you just lost it.
- You really love
talking about my mom.
- Yeah.
Well...
See. I always kinda had a
crush on her. back at school.
She taught me English.
(clicks tongue)
- Please tell me that's
not why I'm here.
- I'm gonna go freshen up.
(chuckles)
(suspenseful music)
(muffled thud)
(muffled squeaking)
(slaps)
(breathes heavily)
(muffled growl)
(switch clicks)
* 'Cause what you give
* Has taken my heart
* And now this crime
has wronged me *
(suspenseful music)
(muffled music)
(ominous tones)
(creature snarls)
(music swells)
(screams)
(muffled clunks and thuds)
(suspenseful music)
(muffled music)
- The hell is going on up there?
* You raise to the stars
* Would you be with me
(suspenseful music)
(button clicks)
(Jack sighs)
(distant squeaking)
(music swells)
(squeaking intensifies)
(Jack grunts)
(bats squeak)
* Give me words
* To what's in your head
* If it's what I
see. it's lonely *
(door creaks)
(muffled music)
(knocks)
- Uh. hey.
I'm gonna head off. Drew.
(knocks)
(door rattles)
Hey.
Hey. what are you
doing in there?
(ominous music)
(creature snarls)
(creature shrieks)
(creature roars)
(dramatic music)
(pants)
(creature growls)
(screams)
(creature snarls)
(creature growls)
(birds tweet)
(distant bell tolls)
(bird squawks)
(somber music)
(Lisa sighs)
- Hey.
- I'll go back to
the city in an hour.
I'll get out of your hair.
- Well. we were gonna
ask and see if you wanted
to spend a little more time
with your family. at home.
Your sister just got
back from her friends and
Grandma needs us.
And I don't want you going
back to the big city so soon.
Not after...
- You can say his name. Mom.
He existed.
- After Matty.
I talked to your college
and they're fine if you
wanna sit the year out.
and you can start up next year.
Hey.
Look who it is.
- Hello. darling.
- Hey. Grandma.
- I'm gonna leave you two
to it. while I go pack.
Alright?
(door creaks)
- Where are we going?
- My old place
down at the ranch.
Some people have
broken in. apparently.
Slumming it down there.
- The place where Dad grew up?
- I could've moved
back in some time ago
but I could never
find the right time.
But then you know
what I thought?
Grandpa may not be alive any
more. but he's alive in here.
My memories of him
can keep him alive.
So even though I need
to go back to a place
filled with happy memories.
for me. it can still
be a happy place.
Because I can remember
all the good times
and stop focusing
on how it ended.
And so can you.
I was so very sorry.
Jamie. to hear about Matty.
Really. I was.
But you need to remember
you were lucky to have him.
Even for that brief time.
You experienced real love. and
that is something many people
never have in their whole lives.
I got you today. you hear me?
And I need you to be having
me when I'm finding it rough.
I haven't been back to
that place in years.
I need you today just
as much as you need me.
- I got you.
- I'm so sorry.
(melancholy music)
- [Lisa] Hey. Uh-uh.
honey. get in the back.
- Yeah.
(upbeat synth-pop music)
(strong wind blows)
(ominous tones swell)
(eerie music)
(bat shrieks)
(gate rattles)
Are you okay?
- I'm okay.
(sighs)
(dissonant eerie music)
(can sprays)
(Lisa sighs)
(Lisa sighs and groans)
- The smell in this
place. (chuckles)
It's like someone died.
(sighs)
Amelia. you haven't said a
word to her since you got back.
- That's not true.
I said "hi."
Mom!
I don't know how to
talk to her right now.
- She's your sister!
Talk to her how
you usually would.
- Yeah. but I just
find it awkward.
- She needs us.
Go on.
- Fine.
(footsteps clack)
(can sprays)
- God damn.
- It's weird being here. huh?
- Sure is.
- Wanna go for a walk?
- Okay.
- Okay. (chuckles)
(door slams)
In case we get bored.
- You don't even
have your license.
- So?
I drive Dad's truck around.
What's a little car?
(chuckles)
- Here's the coffee.
after all these years.
- (chuckles) Uh-uh.
You can't be drinking
that. Not now.
- Well. why not? Coffee
is just mold anyway.
True fact. Mold grows
on coffee beans.
Now you can't get much
moldier than mold itself.
- I'll tell you what
smells like mold.
This house!
It reeks of death.
(sighs)
I need to spray something.
(can sprays)
(groans)
(dark music)
- You know. I feel like
we've barely spoken.
- Yeah. Same.
- You do know that you
can just pick up the phone
and call me. like
at any time. right?
Yeah.
- So. um. how've
you been holding up?
- Yeah. I'm fine. You know.
Just gotta keep
moving on with life.
- Well. yeah. but (chuckles)
you don't just have
to move on. you know?
These things. they take time.
It's not just gonna
happen overnight.
You gotta just let
yourself let him go. okay?
- Yeah. I am doing that.
- Okay. (chuckles)
- What's that?
(somber music)
Come on.
(Rich chuckles)
- So!
You wanna show me
your old bedroom?
- Oh. God.
Alright. this way.
(ominous music)
(door opens)
Oh. god. (chuckles)
- Wow.
- I know. right?
- Oh. my god.
Well. the decor is
definitely your mom's choice.
- You think?
- It's a little
bit girly. honey.
- Yeah. I kinda think
she always wanted a girl
and this is her payback
at me for not being one.
(both chuckle)
- Oh. my god!
- Oh. no.
I know. right? (chuckles)
- [Lisa] You poor thing.
- Look at the hair! (laughs)
Oh. I worked so hard. (laughs)
- Well. baby. we all
had bad hair back then.
- Oh.
Imagine meeting
this boy in a club.
- Yeah.
I'd run a mile.
- That's probably a
good idea. (laughs)
He'd run. too. He was so shy.
(both laugh)
Aw. Jesus.
- What happened after you
got told you had to leave?
- (sighs) I don't
really remember it.
if I'm being honest.
I mean...
I remember Mom being like. "we
need to pack up and leave."
Dad was in a real big rush.
all the locals were leaving
and it was just a big disaster.
We had to evacuate.
- (sighs) Christ.
(sighs)
- Jesus.
- You think Jamie blames us?
For what happened. with Matty?
- I mean. it was an accident.
There's not really much
more we could've done.
- I just keep thinking.
If I had gone that
night instead of him...
- No use thinking like
this. What have I told you?
She's gonna need
us to support her.
She's gonna struggle
for quite a while.
She needs us to be level-headed.
We can't be filling her
mind with what-ifs. alright?
None of this is on you.
(kisses)
(Lisa sighs)
(birds tweet)
- [Amelia] (sighs) Are you
gonna remember how to get back?
- Yeah.
(eerie music)
- So. (chuckles)
what's the plan?
- Doesn't look like
there's anyone inside.
(Amelia chuckles)
(chuckles)
- Oh. my god.
(door creaks)
- Hello?
Hey.
(music intensifies)
What's that?
(crickets chirp)
(bag rustles)
(bottles clink)
- Weird. (chuckles)
- Do we know how long
they were squatting here?
- From the looks of
things. not very long.
- (chuckles) Hey. Ma.
Recognize this guy?
(Lisa chuckles)
- Aw. that's fun.
There must be some
more of those upstairs.
- Oh. please!
I would love to see some baby
pictures. if you have them.
- [Rick] God. she's been
wanting to see those
since we first met.
- Oh. I wanna see you as a
baby. you're so cute! Why not?
(giggles)
- Well. there must be
some more up in the attic.
There's bits and
photo albums up there.
I'll go up and have a check.
- Oh. we could have an
evening of show and tell.
- (sighs) Sweet!
Sounds great.
(Lisa laughs)
- I'll try not to embarrass
you too much. honey.
- Sure. Thanks. Mom.
One word about my haircut again.
and that's it. marriage over.
We're done!
- (laughs) Oh. sweetie.
(yelps)
I love you. honey.
- I love you.
- [Jamie] How's college?
- Oh. you know. Same old.
- You gonna change your studies?
- No. it's not
that. it's just...
Well. you know. gonna
actually have to figure out
what I wanna do when I leave.
It's so strange that
nobody came back here.
- Yeah. but when
you got a new life.
what've you got to return to?
(switch clicks)
(breathes heavily and shakily)
- Jamie?
Jamie. what's going on?
(Jamie sobs)
Jamie?
Jamie. what's wrong?
- Nothing. I'm fine.
- It's not fine
though. is it? Tell me.
- Look. I'm fine!
- Jamie!
Look at me!
Hey.
Look.
I know that we haven't spoke
much. but listen to me.
You're still my sister.
It's okay.
It's okay. I love you. okay?
I'm your sister.
- [Jamie] I said I'm fine.
- This is not like you
at all. What's going on?
- I don't know. sometimes
I just get anxious
and I freak out a bit.
I know it's all in
my head. it's just...
It's all in my head.
But I don't want to move on
because I don't
wanna forget him.
And I'm just...
And I'm worried that
I'm gonna forget him.
And I'm gonna spend
the rest of my life
comparing everyone
that I meet to...
Him.
- Hey.
Hey. Jamie. look at me.
Look at me. Jamie. okay?
It's okay. It's okay.
just let it out. yeah?
It's okay. it's
okay. Look at me.
Jamie? Jamie?
Jamie. let it all
out. It's okay.
That's it. breathe.
Just breathe.
Just breathe. it's okay. Just
listen to my voice. Jamie.
I know you like
being this tough girl
that has everything
together. but it's okay
if you just let it go. yeah?
It's okay. That's it.
That's it.
- I'm fine.
I'm fine.
- [Amelia] Okay.
(thunder claps)
(dissonant eerie music)
(suspenseful music)
(door creaks)
(muffled thunder claps)
(Georgina sighs)
(Georgina groans)
(suspenseful music)
(squelching)
(Georgina groans)
(Georgina sighs)
(shoe scrapes)
(muffled thunder rumbles)
(ominous music)
(Georgina sighs)
(bat growls)
(Georgina screams)
(bat roars)
(muffled footsteps thud)
(ominous music)
- Mom?
(suspenseful music)
(Georgina gasps and moans)
- Oh. god.
- Mom!
- [Lisa] Georgie!
Georgie! Georgie. come on!
(bat snarls)
Call 911!
- Get down the fucking stairs!
- Georgie. come on!
Come on! Come on!
Come on! Come on. Georgie.
(bat snarls)
(footsteps thud)
- Move!
(Lisa screams)
(bat growls)
- In there! Just get in!
(Rick groans)
(bat snarls softly)
(gasps)
(bat sniffs)
(heartbeat thuds)
(bat snarls)
(bat sniffs)
(heartbeat thuds)
(bat snarls)
(bat growls)
(Rick pants)
(Georgina pants)
Wait here. alright?
Wait here.
Hold on.
(suspenseful music)
(floorboards creak)
Rick?
Rick!
- Shh. shh. shh!
Shh. shh.
- What was that thing?
- I don't know!
But it's gone.
- Where did it go?
- I don't know.
We gotta hide. Now.
Alright?
Let's go. Go.
Shh. shh.
Close that fucking
door. close the door.
(door slams)
(winces)
Ma.
Ma!
- Baby.
(sweat simmers)
(brooding music)
- Just focus on
your breathing. Ma.
We're gonna get you outta here.
Where are the girls?
- Okay. so next time
remember not to take
that right turn because-
- Or we get lost again.
- Yeah. (laughs)
Fuck! Fuck!
- What?
- The keys!
Shit! Oh. I think
I've dropped them.
Oh. damn.
- What. the keys to
Mom and Dad's car?
Oh. um. don't worry.
You know. you probably
left them at that place.
We'll swing by in the morning
and see if we can find them.
- Yeah. they probably
won't notice.
- No. definitely not.
(sighs)
- Do you have them?
- Yeah.
(keys clink)
- Why is it so quiet in here?
- I don't know.
(eerie music)
- Hello?
- It's the girls.
- Dad?
(muffled clunks)
- Did you hear that?
- Dad?
- Something doesn't feel right.
(suspenseful music)
- Mom?
- Jamie.
I'm gonna take this.
(muffled footsteps)
(muffled growls)
(muffled shrieks)
(stairs creak)
(suspenseful music)
Where is everyone?
- [Jamie] Dad?
- Hello?
Dad!
- We need to do something!
- I know. I know.
- Oh. Dad. what-
- Shh. shh. shh.
Come here.
Shh.
Shh! Just...
Shh. Just come. just come.
Come here.
- What's going on?
- Come here. shh.
Come on.
Just come in here. Come
on. just come here.
Just give me your hand. come on.
(bat roars)
(yelling)
(Amelia screams)
I've got you. I've got you!
(bat roars)
(Jamie pants)
(Lisa gasps)
(Amelia screams)
Come on. come on!
No!
(Jamie pants)
(bats squeak)
(Jamie screams)
(thud)
(bones crunch)
(bat snarls)
(Jamie screams)
(bat roars)
(suspenseful music)
(bat sniffs)
- You can't go out there. okay?
- What's going on?
- Look. that thing
was already upstairs.
and it's attacked
your grandmother.
- Oh. my god! Grandma!
Mom! Mom. what's going on?
Mom!
- It's okay. it's okay.
- I gotta see Grandma!
- Where's Jamie?
(Amelia sobs)
Where's Jamie?
- Are you okay. Grandma?
What happened?
(suspenseful music)
- Look. whatever that thing was.
it's been up there for a while.
So we either need to get
the fuck out of this house.
or we need to get it out.
- How do we do that?
- I don't know. it's been...
It's clearly been hibernating
or fuck-knows-what up there.
Mom going up there
clearly released it.
so whatever it was. we awoke it.
- Whatever that thing was...
It wasn't normal.
- Something left over
from the disaster. maybe.
- Mutation.
- I'm going up there.
- I'm coming with you.
- No. you're not.
You're gonna stay
here and you're gonna
look after my mother
and you're gonna look after
our daughter. alright?
You're gonna help me
by helping them. okay?
Just keep them safe.
- No. don't go.
(sobs) I want to come with you.
(kisses)
- Okay. just stay here.
(door creaks)
(door closes)
(suspenseful music)
(eerie tones)
(Amelia sobs)
(Lisa gasps)
- Don't look.
Amelia! Don't look.
Okay?
Shh.
(Amelia sobs)
(door creaks)
(door closes)
(suspenseful music)
- Dad.
(squelching)
(bat wheezes and snorts)
Shh. shh.
Okay. we're gonna go
on three. alright?
One.
Two.
Three. Let's go. let's go.
(heavy thump)
(ominous music)
(bat snarls)
(bat screeches)
(Jamie and Rick scream)
(Rick groans)
(bat screeches)
(flesh squelches)
(Jamie gasps)
(Jamie screams)
(Jamie pants)
- Hey. sweet pea.
You ready to come with me now?
(suspenseful music)
- Mom. Mom.
- [Lisa] Shh. shh.
- Mom.
- Shh. shh. shh. shh. shh.
(door creaks)
Jamie.
Come on. Come on.
- Mom.
- Jamie.
Come on.
What happened?
What happened out there?
Jamie?
Hey.
Hey. Jamie.
Come on.
(Georgina wheezes)
(Amelia sobs)
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
Shh.
It's Mom. Look at
me. look at me!
Look at me.
Shh. It's alright. okay?
It's alright.
Shh! Shh. shh. shh.
It's okay. Shh.
Deep breaths. honey. okay?
Deep breaths.
Deep breaths. Shh. shh. shh.
Listen to me. okay?
I need you to be strong
right now for me. okay?
We are we are gonna
get out of here!
I just need you to
be strong. okay?
You have done so well and
you have been so brave
in helping me with her. okay?
She's fine. she's fine.
She's fine. okay?
She's fine.
She's fine. Shh. shh. shh. shh.
She's fine. She's fine.
Shh.
She's fine.
Okay?
I'm back now.
I will tend to her.
Okay?
Okay.
Good girl.
Jamie?
Jamie.
What happened?
What happened up there?
Whose blood is this?
No.
Say nothing...
(sobs softly)
(sighs)
Say nothing to your sister.
Okay?
- What the fuck's going on?
- Something's got
inside the house.
It must've been
living in the attic.
Whatever it was. we
thought it'd been mutated.
- It's a bat.
- It must've been left here
when the town was
vacated and abandoned.
It must've...
That's why we didn't notice
it when we first got here.
They only come out at night.
Who knows what happened.
But right now. we need to
figure a way out of here. okay?
- His face. Mom.
- Don't think about it. okay?
Just concentrate on
helping me get your sister
and Grandma safe. okay?
Okay. good girl.
(dissonant eerie music)
- There's nothing there.
I think it's gone.
(Georgina wheezes)
- Help me. Help me with Grandma.
(Georgina groans)
Hey. come on.
Come on.
Good girl. good girl.
That's it. good girl.
(Georgina wheezes)
(gasps)
(flesh squelches)
(Jamie vomits)
(Georgina wheezes)
Georgie?
Hey.
It's Lisa.
- Lisa.
Lisa.
- We're gonna go to the car.
We're gonna get help.
and be right back.
Okay?
(Georgina spits)
(gasps)
(Georgina coughs)
We're gonna be back.
Okay?
- What's happening to her. Mom?
- I don't know.
She got attacked up there.
Some kind of rabies?
A virus?
I don't know.
- I think she's rotting.
(Georgina wheezes)
(Georgina coughs)
- Come on.
- Mom. don't do this.
- Let us say goodbye.
(Lisa sobs softly)
- Come on. girls. We need to go.
Okay?
Come on.
Good girls.
Okay?
Come here.
(eerie music)
We get to the car.
We get out of here.
- Mom.
- Girls. what is it?
- I...
- I lost the keys.
- Where are they?
- I don't know. I
just dropped them.
I... So. I'll go get them
in the light tomorrow.
- Right.
Okay.
We get out of the house.
and we run. and we
don't look back.
We find somewhere to shelter.
and we wait until morning.
and we get help.
Okay?
Okay. stay with me.
(eerie music)
Will you do something for me?
Okay. you run.
You try and find the keys. okay?
But you run.
You find a house. you
find anywhere. and
you get help. okay?
Okay?
I can't leave Grandma.
I can't.
I can't go with you.
I gotta do it for Dad.
Okay?
You promise me.
that you will protect her
and yourself at all costs.
You promise me?
- I promise.
- [Lisa] Good girl.
- What are you doing?
- Come on.
- Where's Mom?
- We've gotta go.
- No! Jamie!
I'm not leaving this
house without Mom!
I'm not leaving without Mom!
I'm not going
anywhere without her!
- God damn it!
Listen to me!
We're fucking going. okay?
- [Amelia] No!
(squeals)
(muffled thunder rumbles)
(suspenseful music)
(phone rings)
- [Operator] 911 operator.
What's your emergency?
Hello?
(bat snarls)
(bat growls)
(bat roars)
(Lisa screams)
(phone thuds and dings)
(bat snarls)
(Lisa groans)
(Lisa screams)
(flesh squelches)
(bat snarls)
(bat roars)
(ominous music)
(Jamie and Amelia pant)
(thunder rumbles)
(Amelia sobs)
(Jamie pants)
(Amelia grunts)
(somber music)
(Amelia sobs)
- I'm sorry.
We're gonna get
through it. okay?
We're gonna get through it.
- Jamie. (sobs)
Jamie.
I can't believe they're
gone and they're...
- Don't think about it.
- What happened?
What happened to Dad?
- Amelia. Not now. Amelia.
- He's dead. he's dead.
(sobs) He's dead.
He's dead. he's dead. right?
He's gone.
He's gone. isn't he?
(sobs)
I don't just want
to survive tonight.
I wanna kill that fucker.
He took my...
He took my family away!
He took our family!
(sobs)
- Hey.
- Why is that
thing following us?
- When I was in the attic. I...
I killed one of its offspring.
It thinks we're predators.
It's a protection.
animal instinct thing.
(dark music)
- What is that thing?
- I don't know. like...
Something left from when
they abandoned the place.
- You said earlier that it
was a bat. but I saw it.
Didn't look like one to me.
Yeah. but it's like...
It's mutated.
It's like part bat. part...
I don't know.
- How long has it
been living up there?
- Months? Years?
It was hiding in the dark.
Until we disturbed it.
(eerie music)
- I'm just gonna
go to the bathroom.
(suspenseful music)
(muffled thunder rumbles)
- Is there anybody up there?
Please can I have a sign?
'Cause I don't know
what to do anymore.
I can't do it without you.
I know if you were here. you'd
tell me to stop being silly.
But I don't know what to do.
(water splashes)
(Amelia pants)
(muffled clattering)
Amelia?
(ominous music)
(muffled squeaking)
(breathes shakily)
- What's going on?
- I just heard...
I thought I...
Heard...
(wings flap)
(bat snarls)
(suspenseful music)
(bat roars)
(ominous music)
(bat snarls)
(Amelia screams)
(thud)
(screams)
Amelia!
(Amelia screams)
(bat growls)
(tense music)
(Amelia groans)
(bat snarls)
(suspenseful music)
(bat roars)
(screams)
(thud)
(eerie music)
(groans softly)
* Happy birthday to you
* Happy birthday. dear Jamie
- (chuckles) Hey.
honey. Come here.
Sit down. honey.
Come on. we got this. Watch
out for your sister. sit down.
- [Amelia] Jamie!
Make your wish count.
Blow out your candles. honey.
It's okay. I'll make
your wish for you.
(blows)
See? (chuckles)
(sighs)
(chuckles)
- You were asleep
for some time. huh?
(Amelia chuckles)
- You're...
You're...
- Hey. Matty.
Would you be a doll and go
and get us some more wine?
I forgot to get some. and
I've had a drink or two.
- Yeah. if you wouldn't mind.
We can't exactly have this one
out on the roads
tonight. can we?
- [Lisa] Hey!
- Yeah. if you wouldn't mind.
- Yeah. sure.
I'll go now. no worries.
- Aww. sweetie.
- No. please don't go.
- It's okay. I'll be right back.
- No. please don't
go. Please don't go.
- I'll be right back.
- No. please don't go.
No.
Matty!
(eerie music)
Matty. please don't leave me!
(sobs)
- Sweetie. don't cry.
It's your birthday!
(sighs) You should be happy.
(bat snarls)
(bat roars)
(ominous music)
(bat snarls)
(bat roars)
(suspenseful music)
(bat snarls)
(Jamie moans)
(bat breathes heavily)
(muffled squeaking)
(Jamie gasps)
(bat pants and snarls)
(bat growls)
(suspenseful music)
(wings flap)
(bat snarls)
(bat growls)
(bat roars)
(Jamie screams)
(bat snarls)
(bones crack)
(Jamie gasps)
(bat grunts)
(Jamie grunts)
(bat snarls)
(Jamie pants)
(muffled thunder rumbles)
(suspenseful music)
(sword scrapes)
(ominous music)
(muffled thunder rumbles)
(bat breathes heavily)
(bat snarls)
(muffled thunder rumbles)
(Jamie grunts)
(bat shrieks)
(blood splatters)
(Jamie grunts)
(bat shrieks)
(Jamie screams)
(Jamie pants)
(Jamie sobs and pants)
(eerie music)
(Jamie screams and sobs)
(muffled thunder rumbles)
(Jamie screams)
(Jamie sobs)
(muffled thunder rumbles)
(birds tweet)
(distant bats squeak)
(ominous tones)
(synth-pop music)
* The lights went black
in the dead sea harem *
* Winds sweep up through
the halls but yet no sound *
* And the temperature's down
* And it's darker now
* A shadow grows too
by a fleeting light *
* Where greed swings a
demon of a cruel delight *
* Piles of sand growing
features on the floor *
* The souls of the harem
moving to the door *
* A figure rose from the sand
* And glimpse its
shadow on the wall *
* Where a demon now stands
there. 10 feet tall *
* His broken leather wings
give a bitterly crack *
* As he stares in the darkness
with his smile driven back *
* So simmer down
* This is feeding town